This community was banned for promoting hate towards a vulnerable group. This subreddit was under-moderated resulting in the community's behavior becoming increasingly harmful, crossing the line from a culture critique to hateful content.
This subreddit has been banned for violations of our Content Policy, specifically facilitating the transaction of illegal goods.
This subreddit was banned due to a violation of our [content policy] (https://www.reddit.com/help/contentpolicy/), specifically, the prohibition of content that encourages or incites violence and the posting of personal and confidential information.
This subreddit was banned due to a violation of our content policy (https://www.reddit.com/help/contentpolicy/), specifically our policy against harassment.
This subreddit has been banned for excessive copyright violations
This subreddit has been banned for excessive copyright removals and is not eligible for Redditrequest.
This subreddit was banned due to a violation of Reddit’s content policy against harassing content, in particular the user of a racial slur in the subreddit name.
This community was banned for violating Reddit's rule against promoting hate.
This subreddit was banned for violations of our Content Policy, specifically, the posting of content that harasses or bullies.
This subreddit was banned due to a violation of our content policy (https://www.reddit.com/help/contentpolicy/).
This subreddit  has been banned for excessive  copyright removals
This community has been banned
This subreddit was banned due to a violation of Reddit’s policy against transactions involving prohibited goods or services.
This subreddit was banned due to a violation of Reddit's rules against transactions involving prohibited goods or services.
This subreddit was banned due to a violation of Reddit’s rules against sexual or suggestive content involving minors or someone who appears to be a minor.
This subreddit was banned due to a violation of our content policy (https://www.reddit.com/help/contentpolicy/), specifically, the solicitation of fraudulent services.
This community was banned due to a violation of Reddit’s rules against inciting violence.
This subreddit was banned due to a violation of our content policy (https://www.reddit.com/help/contentpolicy/)
This subreddit has been banned for violations of our Content Policy, specifically our policy against glorifying or encouraging violence.
This subreddit was banned due to a violation of our [content policy] (https://www.redditinc.com/policies/content-policy), specifically, a violation of Reddit’s policy against violent content.
This subreddit has been banned for violating the reddit rules to keep everyone safe
This subreddit was banned due to a violation of Reddit's rules against sexual or suggestive content involving minors or someone who appears to be a minor.
This subreddit was banned due to a violation of Reddit’s rules against the posting of non-consensual intimate media.
This subreddit has been banned for violations of Reddit’s Repeat Copyright Infringement Policy.
This subreddit was banned due to a violation of our content policy, specifically, the proliferation of personal and confidential information.
This subreddit was banned due to a violation of Reddit's content policy against creating or repurposing a sub to reconstitute or serve the same objective as a previously banned or quarantined subreddit.
This Community was banned for violating rule 1, 2 and 8.
This subreddit was banned due to being used for harassment.
This subreddit was banned due to a violation of Reddit's content policy against harassing content.
This subreddit was banned due to a violation of Reddit’s content policy against harassing content.
This subreddit was banned due to a violation of Reddit’s rules against involuntary pornography.
This subreddit was banned due to being unmoderated.
This subreddit was banned due to violations of the Reddit content policy.
This subreddit has been banned for excessive copyright removals
This subreddit was banned for violations of our Content Policy, specifically, the posting of content that glorifies or encourages violence.
This subreddit was banned due to a violation of our User Agreement.
This subreddit was banned due to a violation of Reddit’s content policy against posting violent content.
This community has been banned for violations to our content policy including violations for harassment, incitement of and encouraging violence, and posting sexually suggestive content involving minors.
This community was banned for repeatedly violating Reddit's Moderator Code of Conduct.
This subreddit was banned due to a violation of our content policy, specifically, the proliferation of violent content.
This subreddit was banned due to a violation of Reddit’s content policy against transactions involving prohibited goods or services.
This subreddit has been banned for violations of our Content Policy, specifically inciting violence, harassment, and the dissemination of personal information.
This subreddit was banned due to a violation of Reddit’s content policy against posting personal information.
This message is to inform you that this community has been banned effective immediately for violations of our policy regarding violent content, in contravention of our Content Policy. Please note that any efforts to reconstitute this community elsewhere on Reddit would be a violation of our rule against ban evasion, and may result in the suspension of your account.
This subreddit has been banned for excessive copyright removals.
This subreddit has been banned.
This subreddit was banned due to a violation of our content policy (https://www.reddit.com/help/contentpolicy/), specifically, violent content
This subreddit has been banned for violations of our Content Policy, specifically violent content.
This subreddit was banned due to a violation of our content policy (https://www.reddit.com/help/contentpolicy/), specifically, the proliferation of violent content.
This subreddit was banned due to being used for violation rule 1. If you'd like to take it over please make a post in /r/redditrequest
This subreddit was banned due to a violation of Reddit’s content policy against minor sexualization.
This subreddit was banned due to a violation of our content policy, specifically, the prohibition of content that encourages or incites violence.
This subreddit was banned due to a violation of our content policy, specifically, our sitewide rules regarding violent content.
This subreddit was banned due to being used for spam.
This subreddit was banned due to a violation of our Content Policy, specifically, the posting of content that encourages physical harm. If you or someone you know is struggling with an eating disorder, there are resources that can help. Visit the National Eating Disorders Association website or contact their telephone helpline at 1-800-931-2237 for more information.
This subreddit was banned due to being used for spam. If you'd like to take it over please make a post in /r/redditrequest.
This subreddit was banned due to a violation of Reddit’s rules against glorifying violence.
This subreddit was banned under Reddit's Repeat Copyright Infringement Policy.
This subreddit has been banned for violations of our Content Policy, specifically our policy regarding violent content.
This subreddit has been banned for violations of our Content Policy, specifically encouraging violence and the dissemination of personal information.
This subreddit was banned due to a violation of Reddit’s rules against transactions involving prohibited goods or services.
This subreddit was banned due to a violation of Reddit's rules against non-consensual intimate media.
This subreddit was banned due to a violation of Reddit’s content policy, specifically, for inciting the posting of personal information.
This subreddit was banned due to a violation of our content policy, specifically, the posting of content that encourages violence.
This community has been banned.
This subreddit was banned due to a violation of Reddit’s content policy against sexual or suggestive content involving minors or someone who appears to be a minor
This subreddit was banned due to a violation of Reddit’s rules against posting violent content.
This subreddit was banned due to a violation of our content policy, specifically, the posting of content that encourages violence.
This community was banned for violating Reddit’s rule against promoting hate.
This subreddit was banned for violations of our Content Policy,, specifically our rules against violent content and harassment.
This subreddit was banned due to a violation of Reddit’s content policy against promoting community interference.
This subreddit was banned due to a violation of our content policy (https://www.reddit.com/help/contentpolicy/), specifically, harassment, threatening, or bullying of people on our site.
This subreddit was banned due to being used for violence/hate. If you'd like to take it over please make a post in /r/redditrequest
This subreddit was banned due to being unmoderated. If you'd like to take it over please make a post in /r/redditrequest
This subreddit has been banned
This subreddit was banned due to a violation of Reddit’s content policy against creating or repurposing a sub to reconstitute or serve the same objective as a previously banned or quarantined subreddit.
This subreddit was banned due to a violation of our content policy, specifically our policy against sexual or suggestive content involving minors.
This subreddit has been banned for violations of Reddit’s Copyright Repeat Infringement Policy.
This subreddit was banned due to a violation of our content policy, specifically our policy against involuntary pornography.
This subreddit was banned due to Reddit's Copyright Repeat Infringement Policy.
This subreddit was banned due to being used for spam. If you'd like to take it over please make a post in /r/redditrequest
This community has been banned for violating the Reddit user agreement
This subreddit was banned due to a violation of our [content policy] (https://www.reddit.com/help/contentpolicy/)
This subreddit was banned for violations of our Content Policy, specifically, for attempting to evade restrictions imposed on an existing Reddit community.
